Docs: Packaging (#2724)
longturn/freeciv21: docs/Coding/packaging.rst

* https://community.kde.org/Schedules/Plasma_5
* https://community.kde.org/Schedules/Plasma_6

We provide native packages via GitHub Actions for the following platforms:

* Debian and its variants via CMake's CPack system.
* Windows via MSYS2 emulation and CMake's CPack system with NSIS integration.
* macOS via `vcpkg` and a macOS utility called ``create-dmg`` to create an application bundle.

We also provide Linux containerized packages for `snap` and `flatpak`. The Ubuntu world favors `snap` and the
Fedora/Red Hat world favors `flatpak`.

The Debian and Windows packages are sourced from CMake CPack configuration here: :file:`cmake/CPackConfig.cmake`

The macOS package is built inside GitHub Actions. You can refer to :file:`.github/workflows/build.yaml`. Look
for ``macOS`` build step.

As noted earlier, GitHub Actions uses Ubuntu LTS as the base image. You can add newer operating systems via
a Docker container. We do this on ``master`` branch for the Debian package at this time. MSYS2 has packages
for all the Qt6 and KDE Frameworks 6 components we need. Since macOS relies on the ``vcpkg`` package manager,
it is not dependent on the base image.

Debian Package
==============

> The Debian package is straight forward. A :file:`.deb` package is effectively a compressed archive with some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Debian package is straightforward. A :file:`.deb` package is effectively a compressed archive with some
```

> configuration settings in plain text files. More information is available at the Debian WiKi:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration settings in plain text files. More information is available at the Debian Wiki:
```
